Add composite matched actions into filter_state (#31124)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/configuration/http/http_filters/composite_filter.rst

composite filter. In either case, the ``<stat_prefix>.composite.delegation_error`` stat will be
incremented.

This filter adds in filter state the delegated filter name that match the condition as a pair

> with the root config filter name in ``envoy.extensions.filters.http.composite.matched_actions``

Author: thanks

Contains a map of pairs `FILTER_CONFIG_NAME:ACTION_NAME`:

  * ``FILTER_CONFIG_NAME``: root filter config name;

>   * ``ACTION_NAME``: delegated filter name of the action witch matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``ACTION_NAME``: delegated filter name of the action that is matched.
```

Author: thanks
